README.md, before:

# Silver Peak Edge Connect EVE-NG Bootsrap
Quickly bootstrap a Silver Peak Virtual Edge Connect in EVE-NG assigning a desired Orchestrator, registering with Account/Key, and assigning MAC addresses to interfaces (up to 9 total: mgmt0, wan/lan0-3).

# Requirements
- Python3:  all script files reference #!/usr/bin/python3, modify if necessary 
- Public Python packages used: python-dotenv, colored, requests, os, getpass, time, urllib3, ipaddress
- Additional local modules called by silverpeak-eve-ec-bootstrap.py:
    - ecosHelp.py -- Basic API calls to Silver Peak Edge Connect OS
    - silverpeak_ec_assign_orch.py -- Function for assigning an Orchestrator and Account to an Edge Connect
        - can be run on it's own
    - silverpeak_ec_automap.py -- Function for assigning available MAC addresses to interfaces based on incrementing MAC's
        - can be run on it's own


# Quick Start

1. Set Environment Variables
```
export ORCH_URL="<ORCH-URL-OR-IP>" 
export ACCOUNT="<ORCH-ACCOUNT-NAME>" 
export ACCOUNT_KEY="<ORCH-ACCOUNT-KEY>" 
```
Also modeled in dotenv.txt and can be set in a .env file


2. Add Silver Peak Edge Connect nodes to your EVE-NG lab
- Change number of interfaces as desired (default is 4, auto-map supports up to 9)
- Change console to 'vnc' (default is 'telnet')
- Connect the first interface on each Edge Connect (e0) to be able to reach Orchestrator outside of EVE-NG (e.g. Management(Cloud0))
- Open the console to each Edge Connect to obtain it's IP address


# Syntax

Run the script and then enter each Edge Connect mgmt0 IP address to be bootstrapped. When entry is complete mark 'n' and then confirm 'y' to proceed with the confirmed IP's.

Example:

```
> python3 silverpeak_eve_ec_boostrap.py
> Please enter IP of Edge Connect (e.g. 10.1.30.100): 10.1.30.15
> Do you want to enter more Edge Connects? (y/n): y
> Please enter IP of Edge Connect (e.g. 10.1.30.100): 10.1.30.69
> Do you want to enter more Edge Connects? (y/n): n
> These are the Edge Connects that will be bootstrapped:
> 10.1.30.15
> 10.1.30.69
> Proceed? (y/n): y
```



Note: SOON TO BE ADDED - IP validation that entered data are valid IP's and are reachable before including them in the bootstrap process.

# Behavior
Script prompts for confirmation under certain scenarios

# Validated Silver Peak Code Versions
-   Orchestrator 9.0+
-   ECOS 9.0+

Reporting Issues:
If you have bugs or other issues file them [here](issues).

Commit message:

updated README for ip validation

README.md, after:

# Silver Peak Edge Connect EVE-NG Bootsrap
Quickly bootstrap a Silver Peak Virtual Edge Connect in EVE-NG assigning a desired Orchestrator, registering with Account/Key, and assigning MAC addresses to interfaces (up to 9 total: mgmt0, wan/lan0-3).

# Requirements
- Python3:  all script files reference #!/usr/bin/python3, modify if necessary 
- Public Python packages used: python-dotenv, colored, requests, os, getpass, time, urllib3, ipaddress
- Additional local modules called by silverpeak-eve-ec-bootstrap.py:
    - ecosHelp.py -- Basic API calls to Silver Peak Edge Connect OS
    - silverpeak_ec_assign_orch.py -- Function for assigning an Orchestrator and Account to an Edge Connect
        - can be run on it's own
    - silverpeak_ec_automap.py -- Function for assigning available MAC addresses to interfaces based on incrementing MAC's
        - can be run on it's own


# Quick Start

1. Set Environment Variables
```
export ORCH_URL="<ORCH-URL-OR-IP>" 
export ACCOUNT="<ORCH-ACCOUNT-NAME>" 
export ACCOUNT_KEY="<ORCH-ACCOUNT-KEY>" 
```
Also modeled in dotenv.txt and can be set in a .env file


2. Add Silver Peak Edge Connect nodes to your EVE-NG lab
- Change number of interfaces as desired (default is 4, auto-map supports up to 9)
- Change console to 'vnc' (default is 'telnet')
- Connect the first interface on each Edge Connect (e0) to be able to reach Orchestrator outside of EVE-NG (e.g. Management(Cloud0))
- Open the console to each Edge Connect to obtain it's IP address


# Syntax

Run the script and then enter each Edge Connect mgmt0 IP address to be bootstrapped. The script will check that the IP entered is a valid IP address and that it can currently ping the address.

When entry is complete mark 'n' and then confirm 'y' to proceed with the confirmed IP's.

Example:

```
> python3 silverpeak_eve_ec_boostrap.py
> Please enter IP of Edge Connect (e.g. 10.1.30.100): 10.1.30.67
PING 10.1.30.67 (10.1.30.67): 56 data bytes

--- 10.1.30.67 ping statistics ---
1 packets transmitted, 1 packets received, 0.0% packet loss, 1 packets out of wait time
round-trip min/avg/max/stddev = 3.389/3.389/3.389/0.000 ms
> 10.1.30.67: Edge Connect has been added to list for bootstrap
> Do you want to enter more Edge Connects? (y/n): n
> These are the Edge Connects that will be bootstrapped:
> 10.1.30.15
> 10.1.30.69
> Proceed? (y/n): y
```


# Behavior
Script prompts for confirmation under certain scenarios

# Validated Silver Peak Code Versions
-   Orchestrator 9.0+
-   ECOS 9.0+

Reporting Issues:
If you have bugs or other issues file them [here](issues).
